Welcome to our podcast about technology and innovation.
Today we're talking with Jane Smith, CEO of TechCorp, about the future of artificial intelligence.
Thank you for having me. I'm excited to discuss how AI is transforming businesses.
At TechCorp, we've developed several AI products that help companies automate their workflows.
That's fascinating. Can you tell us more about your flagship product?
Our main product is called "SmartFlow", and it uses machine learning to optimize business processes.
We've seen companies reduce operational costs by up to 40% using our software.
Those are impressive numbers. How do you see AI evolving in the next five years?
I believe we'll see AI become more integrated into everyday business operations.
It won't be a separate tool, but rather embedded in everything we do.
Thank you for sharing your insights. That's all for today's episode.